Please follow the given steps to open account on aws and access services(required):-
---->
1.Go to aws console(refers to web interface).
2.Click on create account(with a new email to avoid payment related issues or you can simply abondon it later if such thing occurs).
3.After filling details verify it.
4. Set your root user password(Keep it strong).
5.Choose the type of services(free/paid-->opt for paid).
6.Fill the details and accept to continue.
7.Set the payment method(opt upi),it will deduct 2 rupees for now.
8.Once done you will be redirected to other interface where you will have to fill all details.
9.Select the support plan-->opt for basic for now.
10.Once logged in choose the service region(north virginia preffered).
11.Now click on ec2 service and go to dashboard.
12.It may show some errors(rare) then contact to aws support(to get clarification if your account is not active).
13. The account will have an account id and url which can used to access your account.
14.By default the url contains account id and can be modified.
15. To change it serach for IAM and go to account applications.
16.After updating you can secure your account login(using MFA) as it is very risky.
17.On your device you will have to install google authenticator.
20.Now click on MFA and set up the device name(as per your wish).
21. validate on google authenticator by adding the credentials by scanning the qr code  on your device.
22. Your account for root user is successfully ready but in real time we use it for billing, support and other high level activities.
23.To consume aws computing resource it's always preffered to use IAM user.
24.To create IAM user go to users and click on create user by entering a valid user name.
25.allow to use policy and give the user administrator access.
26.Once you create the user use the credentials to login and access other features.
27.Now set MFA(Multi factor authentication) of it by clicking on  security credentials.
28.Once you set logout with root user and login with IAM user and reset your password.
29.Once done logout again and login with root user to set billing alarm(for root user) to avaoid to use any paid services.
30.When you are ready with root user search for cloud watch to set alarm.
31.Follow the cost and billing from the dropdown & go to billing prefrences.
32.Go back to cloud watch and refresh the page & go to all alarm and create the alarm by selecting the metric.
33.Click on billing total estimated charge and select the currency and hit select metric.
34.Now select a threshold value (1$)  and move to next section to select the new topic in notification section.
35.Now add the topic and Give alarm a name and create alarm.
36.Your alarm has been created and you have to verify it to use properly.
